So we already have a second function that makes our program able to talk.
So let's delete this call and let's look at configuring some things with the language.
For this.
I want to show you create an example of code that will later be deleted so you can see all the voices
available.
So I will initiate engine.
And again, because I have to do it outside the function so the system recognizes it.
Again, I put psx3 dot in it and I'm going to create a loop that is in charge of revising all the voices
available with the property voices of the engine.
So I wrote it like this for every voice that is found inside of Engine Dot get property in the property
voice.
So let's make it.
Print the voice of every iteration.
I will execute again.
And here, come out objects in voice.
Each one represents one voice that is installed on my computer.
So let's choose one of them.
And we say the first says voice ID and it has a very large name and its properties we see its name is
Microsoft David desktop and that it speaks English from the United States.
As you can see, I have other languages which are British, English and Spanish.
When you make this verification on your computer, you're probably going to see distinct voices or maybe
the same.
It depends which you have installed.
The interesting thing is that I have all of these options of voice to give my assistant if I want to,
an assistant that will speak English from the USA and that has a female voice.
I must choose zero.
If you want, you can install other voices.
So how?
Okay.
I'll leave you in the resources of this lesson.
A link to the Microsoft document which tells you how to download language from text to voice for Microsoft
Windows ten.
It's more than easy.
So what I'm going to do is to build a database with the voices I have here.
I will create five identifiers, for example, ID one, which will be equal to everything I have here
from H key until 11.0.
Copy it and paste here between quotation marks.
So let's write the rest of the variables.
ID two.
ID three.
ID four.
An ID five.
The second is David.
The following is zero.
And then our friend Helena.
And finally, let's get to know Hazel, who is from Great Britain.
So let's close here so we can see our options better.
And I'll open the function speak again because here I can configure after the init a new line to establish
the engine establishes a property which will be voice and what value do we want to give our voice?
I'm going to try with ID five, which is Hazel from England.
I will return to call the function speak here, which this time is going to say Hello, Federico.
I hope you have a nice day.
So let's execute it again.
Hello, Federico.
I hope you have a nice day.
Okay.
So my name is of Spanish Origins, so pronounces it a little bit odd, but you can understand it.
Also, take note that it says everything without punctuation because I didn't put any.
So let's put a comma and let's call David, which is ID too.
And we execute.
Hello, Federico.
I hope you have a nice day.
Now that I put the comma, it has added an inflection in the punctuation and it sounds much better.
Now we can try with a voice that speaks Spanish so you can see how it sounds.
If we choose Sabina, which is in the ID one and we execute you, Federico, you'll be.
See, it sounds a little bit strange.
It's better that the voice is pronounced.
The text that is written in their own language, saying that if we were to write something in Spanish
questo.
I see.
And we execute.
Hola, Mundo Buendia.
It seems that Sabina speaks more naturally because she's speaking here her own language.
So to continue with our project, I'm going to return to Hazel, which is ID five, and let's continue
with her for now.
So that's how to configure the language and let's keep it up and get going in the next lesson.